urara/site-index/akguides/shop/+page.svelte.md, before:

---
title: AK Shop
created: 2024-05-15
tags: 
  - PersonalPost
flags: 
  - unlisted
---

I'll cook all foods, but the price depends on which food, common foods below. We don't cook foods below 80 because they're generally too expensive for how bad they are (and low leveled players really don't need them)

First number is if you don't bring the blue (or gathered) mats, second is if you do. 

If you put in an order it may take a while. Plz don't resell, this is meant to be a relatively cheap price for guildies.

## Please note that there may be translation errors in the game! 
For instance, golden latte is well known by the community to actually give 12% Detail Damage, not 12% Damage. If a food is not well known, its true effects may also be unknown to me since I've never used them.

## Bonus Shorthands:
- Mspd = Movement Speed
- D-Dmg = Detail Damage
- XP = Experience Gained (from monsters)
- CD = Critical Damage
- CDR = Critical Damage Received
- ⭐ = This food requires a dungeon locked resource. Only noted for common foods (but could apply if buying uncommon foods)

# Cooking Prices (80+)

## Common Foods
| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats | Price/per | Price/per with mats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |--------- | ------------------- |
| [Ancient Beef Noodles](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18153-ancient-beef-noodles) | 80 | 15% Mspd | Def, Eva | 6.8g | 2.8g | 
| [Cheesy Tomato Ciabatta](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19099-cheesy-tomato-ciabatta) | 80 | 10% Mspd, 5% XP | HP, Def | 6.5g | 5g | 
| ⭐[Creamy Chicken Pie](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19270-creamy-chicken-pie) | 90 | 12% Triple Strike | Crit, Spd | 5.5g | 2.8g |
| [Oriental Beauty Steamed Milk](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21048-oriental-beauty-steamed-milk) | s1 | 15% D-Dmg | Dmg, Spd | 5.2g | 3g | 
| [Special Crispy Pastry](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22463-special-crispy-pastry) | s10 | 15% Mspd, 5% XP | Def, Eva | 7.4g | 3.4g | 
| [Almond and Walnut Cinnamon Roll](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21849-almond-and-walnut-cinnamon-roll) | s10 | 15% Triple Strike | Crit, Spd | 5.4g | 3.4g |

## Common Drinks
| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats | Price/per | Price/per with mats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |--------- | ------------------- |
| [Golden Latte](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18157-golden-latte) | 80 | 12% D-Dmg | Dmg, Spd | 5g | 3g |
| ⭐[Petal Water](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19282-petal-water) | 90 | 10% Mounted Mspd, 5% XP | Def, Eva | 5g | 3g |
| [Spicy Ginger Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21052-spicy-ginger-soup) | s1 | 15% Mspd, 15% CDR | HP, Def | 4g | 3g |
| [Sunshine Iced Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19662-sunshine-iced-tea) | s1 | 15% Mspd, 13% CDR | Crit, Spd | 6g | 3g |
| [Healthy Pure Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19646-healthy-pure-tea) | s1 | 12% Triple Strike | Dmg, Spd | 8g | 3g |
| [Gold Essence Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21060-gold-essence-tea) | s1 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Crit | 9g | 3g |
| [Lime Roasted Coffee](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21857-lime-roasted-coffee) | s10 | 10% Acc, 10% D-Dmg | Dmg, Crit | 7.4g | 3.4g |
| [King Tree Juice](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22447-king-tree-juice) | s10 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Spd | 4.7g | 3.2g |
| [Tropical Style Pear Flowery Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21841-tropical-style-pear-flowery-tea) | s10 | 15% Mspd, 7% P-Healing | Def, Eva | 4.7g | 3.2g |
| [Fantasy Noble Herbal Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22459-fantasy-noble-herbal-tea) | s10 | 15% D-Dmg | Dmg, Spd | 4.2g | 3.2g |




# Other Foods/Drinks

The below foods don't have a stipulated price because they're not as common. If you want one of these, please ask me for a price.

## Foods

| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Dashi Oelek](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18149-dashi-oelek) | 80 | 20% Damage to Dark | Crit, Spd |
| [Dreamy Heaven](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18137-dreamy-heaven) | 80 | 12% Triple Strike | Dmg, Crit |
| [Baked Chicken Curry](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19087-baked-chicken-curry) | 80 | 20% CD/-15% CDR | Crit, Spd |
| [Luscious Pepper Mushroom Platter](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17152-luscious-pepper-mushroom-platter) | 80 | 30% CD | Dmg, Crit |
| [Amazing Platter](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17144-amazing-platter) | 80 | 4% Crit | Dmg, Spd |
| [Starlight Platter](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17140-starlight-platter) | 80 | 10% Triple Strike | Crit, Spd |
| [Scampi Salad](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19079-scampi-salad) | 80 | -5% Dmg Taken | HP, Eva |
| [Spicy Ham and Mushroom Crepes](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19274-spicy-ham-and-mushroom-crepes) | 90 | 20% Damage to Storm | Dmg, Crit |
| [Monascus Sponge](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19266-monascus-sponge) | 90 | 5% Crit Rate, 8% Acc | Dmg, Crit |
| [Classic Caesar Salad in a Jar](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21056-classic-caesar-salad-in-a-jar) | s1 | 13% HP, -7% Dmg Taken | HP, Eva |
| [Original Flavor Pancakes](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19654-original-flavor-pancakes) | s1 | 4% Crit Rate | Dmg, Crit |
| [Hot Rice Balls](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19650-hot-rice-balls) | s1 | 10% HP, 10% P-Healing | HP, Def |
| [Honey Sprite Churro](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21040-honey-sprite-churro) | s1 | 7% Crit Rate, 10% Acc | Crit, Spd |
| [Silky Mousse Cake](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19658-silky-mousse-cake) | s1 | 20% Damage to Dark | Def, Eva |
| [Royal Fruit Cake](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22467-royal-fruit-cake) | s10 | 13% HP, -15% CDR | HP, Eva |
| [Satay BBQ Wild Vegetable Rolls](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22455-satay-bbq-wild-vegetable-rolls) | s10 | 20% Damage to Dark | Crit, Spd |
| [Chocolate Cream Puff](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21861-chocolate-cream-puff) | s10 | 7% P-Healing, -15% CDR | HP, Eva |
| [Warm and Healthy Snow Mushroom Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21853-warm-and-healthy-snow-mushroom-soup) | s10 | 7% Crit Rate, 10% Acc | Dmg, Spd |

## Drinks
| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Luscious Ranch Special](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17160-luscious-ranch-special) | 80 | -20% CDR | HP, Def |
| [Luscious Aloe Vera Jelly](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17148-luscious-aloe-vera-jelly) | 80 | 5% XP | HP, Eva |
| [Luscious Ice Jelly](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17156-luscious-ice-jelly) | 80 | 10% HP | Def, Eva |
| [Praise of Life](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19091-praise-of-life) | 80 | 20% Damage to Holy | Dmg, Spd |
| [Rib Soup Supreme](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19083-rib-soup-supreme) | 80 | 8% Acc, 5% Crit Rate | Dmg, Crit |
| [Choco Banana Milk](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19095-choco-banana-milk) | 80 | 10% HP, 5% P-Healing | Def, Eva |
| [Ageless](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18145-ageless) | 80 | 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Eva |
| [Taste of the Hour](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18141-taste-of-the-hour) | 80 | 10% P-Healing | HP, Def | 
| [Sugar-Free Juice](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19278-sugar-free-juice) | 90 | 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Eva |
| [Green Milk Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19262-green-milk-tea) | 90 | 5% XP, -5% Damage Taken | HP, Def |
| [Sunshine Dream Honey Fruit Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21044-sunshine-dream-honey-fruit-tea) | s1 | 13% HP, 7% P-Healing | Def, Eva |
| [Chilly Crispy Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19666-chilly-crispy-soup) | s1 | 10% HP, 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Eva |
| [Rose and Honey-flavored Bubbly Water](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21845-rose-and-honey-flavored-bubbly-water) | s10 | 13% HP, -5% Damage Taken | HP, Def |
| [Dream Mushroom Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22451-dream-mushroom-soup) | s10 | 7% P-Healing, 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Def |


# Uncookable
The food below I'm currently too low level to cook and are listed here for reference reasons. It will be added to the shop if I ever get to that level.

## Foods

| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Huge Rock Rice Stew](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22889-huge-rock-rice-stew) | s20 | 10% Acc, 10% Dmg | Def, Eva |
| [Sakura Honey Lava Cheese](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22897-sakura-honey-lava-cheese) | s20 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Eva |
| [Salted Sakura Stuffed Mochi](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22893-salted-sakura-stuffed-mochi) | s20 | 15% D-Dmg | Crit, HP |
| [Thick Cheese Star Order Pizza](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35042-thick-cheese-star-order-pizza) | s25 | 15% Mspd, -15% CDR | Crit, Eva |
| [Double Delight Star Flower Grilled Beef Burger](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35046-double-delight-star-flower-grilled-beef-burger) | s25 | 13% HP, 15% D-Dmg | Dmg, HP |
| [Fresh Mushroom and Gourd Beef Stew](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35034-fresh-mushroom-and-gourd-beef-stew) | s25 | 20% Damage to Fire | Spd, Def |

## Drinks

| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Shennong Herbal Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22901-shennong-herbal-tea) | s20 | 13% HP, 30% Damage Reflect | Dmg, Spd |
| [Medicinal Herbal Stone Forest Cold Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22885-medicinal-herbal-stone-forest-cold-soup) | s20 | 7% P-healing, -15% CDR | Spd, Eva |
| [Herbal Peppermint Sparkling Water](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22881-herbal-peppermint-sparkling-water) | s20 | 15% Mspd, 7% Crit Rate | Crit, Def |
| [Forgotten Age Fantasy Whiskey](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35030-forgotten-age-fantasy-whiskey) | s25 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Eva |
| [Fantasy Glass Iced Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35026-fantasy-glass-iced-tea) | s25 | 7% P-Healing, -5% Damage Taken | Spd, Def |
| [Artisan Glow Jelly](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35038-artisan-glow-jelly) | s25 | 10% Acc, 7% Crit Rate | HP, Crit |

Commit message:

normalize prices against standard formula

urara/site-index/akguides/shop/+page.svelte.md, after:

---
title: AK Shop
created: 2024-05-15
tags: 
  - PersonalPost
flags: 
  - unlisted
---

I'll cook all foods, but the price depends on which food, common foods below. We don't cook foods below 80 because they're generally too expensive for how bad they are (and low leveled players really don't need them)

First number is if you don't bring the blue (or gathered) mats, second is if you do. You may notice that prices are really odd. This is because I'm using a formula to determine prices of food, then rounding to the nearest tenth.

If you put in an order it may take a while. Plz don't resell, this is meant to be a relatively cheap price for guildies. If you're not a member of Transcendent, add 3g to the price of each item.

## Please note that there may be translation errors in the game! 
For instance, golden latte is well known by the community to actually give 12% Detail Damage, not 12% Damage. If a food is not well known, its true effects may also be unknown to me since I've never used them.

## Bonus Shorthands:
- Mspd = Movement Speed
- D-Dmg = Detail Damage
- XP = Experience Gained (from monsters)
- CD = Critical Damage
- CDR = Critical Damage Received
- ⭐ = This food requires a dungeon locked resource. Only noted for common foods (but could apply if buying uncommon foods)

# Cooking Prices (80+)

## Common Foods
| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats | Price/per | Price/per with mats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |--------- | ------------------- |
| [Ancient Beef Noodles](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18153-ancient-beef-noodles) | 80 | 15% Mspd | Def, Eva | 5.6g | 3.3g | 
| [Cheesy Tomato Ciabatta](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19099-cheesy-tomato-ciabatta) | 80 | 10% Mspd, 5% XP | HP, Def | 6.3g | 5.2g | 
| ⭐[Creamy Chicken Pie](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19270-creamy-chicken-pie) | 90 | 12% Triple Strike | Crit, Spd | 5g | 3.4g |
| [Oriental Beauty Steamed Milk](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21048-oriental-beauty-steamed-milk) | s1 | 15% D-Dmg | Dmg, Spd | 5.2g | 3.9g | 
| [Special Crispy Pastry](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22463-special-crispy-pastry) | s10 | 15% Mspd, 5% XP | Def, Eva | 6.2g | 4.2g | 
| [Almond and Walnut Cinnamon Roll](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21849-almond-and-walnut-cinnamon-roll) | s10 | 15% Triple Strike | Crit, Spd | 4.8g | 4.2g |

## Common Drinks
| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats | Price/per | Price/per with mats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |--------- | ------------------- |
| [Golden Latte](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18157-golden-latte) | 80 | 12% D-Dmg | Dmg, Spd | 5.1g | 3.4g |
| ⭐[Petal Water](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19282-petal-water) | 90 | 10% Mounted Mspd, 5% XP | Def, Eva | 4.9g | 3.6g |
| [Spicy Ginger Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21052-spicy-ginger-soup) | s1 | 15% Mspd, 15% CDR | HP, Def | 4.3g | 3.7g |
| [Sunshine Iced Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19662-sunshine-iced-tea) | s1 | 15% Mspd, 13% CDR | Crit, Spd | 5.7g | 3.7g |
| [Healthy Pure Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19646-healthy-pure-tea) | s1 | 12% Triple Strike | Dmg, Spd | 7.1g | 4.1g |
| [Gold Essence Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21060-gold-essence-tea) | s1 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Crit | 8.8g | 4.1g |
| [Lime Roasted Coffee](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21857-lime-roasted-coffee) | s10 | 10% Acc, 10% D-Dmg | Dmg, Crit | 6.2g | 4.2g |
| [King Tree Juice](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22447-king-tree-juice) | s10 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Spd | 4.9g | 3.9g |
| [Tropical Style Pear Flowery Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21841-tropical-style-pear-flowery-tea) | s10 | 15% Mspd, 7% P-Healing | Def, Eva | 4.9g | 3.9g |
| [Fantasy Noble Herbal Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22459-fantasy-noble-herbal-tea) | s10 | 15% D-Dmg | Dmg, Spd | 4.6g | 3.9g |




# Other Foods/Drinks

The below foods don't have a stipulated price because they're not as common. If you want one of these, please ask me for a price.

## Foods

| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Dashi Oelek](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18149-dashi-oelek) | 80 | 20% Damage to Dark | Crit, Spd |
| [Dreamy Heaven](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18137-dreamy-heaven) | 80 | 12% Triple Strike | Dmg, Crit |
| [Baked Chicken Curry](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19087-baked-chicken-curry) | 80 | 20% CD/-15% CDR | Crit, Spd |
| [Luscious Pepper Mushroom Platter](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17152-luscious-pepper-mushroom-platter) | 80 | 30% CD | Dmg, Crit |
| [Amazing Platter](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17144-amazing-platter) | 80 | 4% Crit | Dmg, Spd |
| [Starlight Platter](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17140-starlight-platter) | 80 | 10% Triple Strike | Crit, Spd |
| [Scampi Salad](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19079-scampi-salad) | 80 | -5% Dmg Taken | HP, Eva |
| [Spicy Ham and Mushroom Crepes](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19274-spicy-ham-and-mushroom-crepes) | 90 | 20% Damage to Storm | Dmg, Crit |
| [Monascus Sponge](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19266-monascus-sponge) | 90 | 5% Crit Rate, 8% Acc | Dmg, Crit |
| [Classic Caesar Salad in a Jar](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21056-classic-caesar-salad-in-a-jar) | s1 | 13% HP, -7% Dmg Taken | HP, Eva |
| [Original Flavor Pancakes](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19654-original-flavor-pancakes) | s1 | 4% Crit Rate | Dmg, Crit |
| [Hot Rice Balls](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19650-hot-rice-balls) | s1 | 10% HP, 10% P-Healing | HP, Def |
| [Honey Sprite Churro](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21040-honey-sprite-churro) | s1 | 7% Crit Rate, 10% Acc | Crit, Spd |
| [Silky Mousse Cake](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19658-silky-mousse-cake) | s1 | 20% Damage to Dark | Def, Eva |
| [Royal Fruit Cake](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22467-royal-fruit-cake) | s10 | 13% HP, -15% CDR | HP, Eva |
| [Satay BBQ Wild Vegetable Rolls](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22455-satay-bbq-wild-vegetable-rolls) | s10 | 20% Damage to Dark | Crit, Spd |
| [Chocolate Cream Puff](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21861-chocolate-cream-puff) | s10 | 7% P-Healing, -15% CDR | HP, Eva |
| [Warm and Healthy Snow Mushroom Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21853-warm-and-healthy-snow-mushroom-soup) | s10 | 7% Crit Rate, 10% Acc | Dmg, Spd |

## Drinks
| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Luscious Ranch Special](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17160-luscious-ranch-special) | 80 | -20% CDR | HP, Def |
| [Luscious Aloe Vera Jelly](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17148-luscious-aloe-vera-jelly) | 80 | 5% XP | HP, Eva |
| [Luscious Ice Jelly](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/17156-luscious-ice-jelly) | 80 | 10% HP | Def, Eva |
| [Praise of Life](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19091-praise-of-life) | 80 | 20% Damage to Holy | Dmg, Spd |
| [Rib Soup Supreme](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19083-rib-soup-supreme) | 80 | 8% Acc, 5% Crit Rate | Dmg, Crit |
| [Choco Banana Milk](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19095-choco-banana-milk) | 80 | 10% HP, 5% P-Healing | Def, Eva |
| [Ageless](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18145-ageless) | 80 | 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Eva |
| [Taste of the Hour](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/18141-taste-of-the-hour) | 80 | 10% P-Healing | HP, Def | 
| [Sugar-Free Juice](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19278-sugar-free-juice) | 90 | 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Eva |
| [Green Milk Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19262-green-milk-tea) | 90 | 5% XP, -5% Damage Taken | HP, Def |
| [Sunshine Dream Honey Fruit Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21044-sunshine-dream-honey-fruit-tea) | s1 | 13% HP, 7% P-Healing | Def, Eva |
| [Chilly Crispy Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/19666-chilly-crispy-soup) | s1 | 10% HP, 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Eva |
| [Rose and Honey-flavored Bubbly Water](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/21845-rose-and-honey-flavored-bubbly-water) | s10 | 13% HP, -5% Damage Taken | HP, Def |
| [Dream Mushroom Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22451-dream-mushroom-soup) | s10 | 7% P-Healing, 30% Damage Reflect | HP, Def |


# Uncookable
The food below I'm currently too low level to cook and are listed here for reference reasons. It will be added to the shop if I ever get to that level.

## Foods

| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Huge Rock Rice Stew](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22889-huge-rock-rice-stew) | s20 | 10% Acc, 10% Dmg | Def, Eva |
| [Sakura Honey Lava Cheese](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22897-sakura-honey-lava-cheese) | s20 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Eva |
| [Salted Sakura Stuffed Mochi](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22893-salted-sakura-stuffed-mochi) | s20 | 15% D-Dmg | Crit, HP |
| [Thick Cheese Star Order Pizza](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35042-thick-cheese-star-order-pizza) | s25 | 15% Mspd, -15% CDR | Crit, Eva |
| [Double Delight Star Flower Grilled Beef Burger](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35046-double-delight-star-flower-grilled-beef-burger) | s25 | 13% HP, 15% D-Dmg | Dmg, HP |
| [Fresh Mushroom and Gourd Beef Stew](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35034-fresh-mushroom-and-gourd-beef-stew) | s25 | 20% Damage to Fire | Spd, Def |

## Drinks

| Item | Level | Main Benefit | Stats |
| ---- | ----- | ------------ | ----- |
| [Shennong Herbal Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22901-shennong-herbal-tea) | s20 | 13% HP, 30% Damage Reflect | Dmg, Spd |
| [Medicinal Herbal Stone Forest Cold Soup](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22885-medicinal-herbal-stone-forest-cold-soup) | s20 | 7% P-healing, -15% CDR | Spd, Eva |
| [Herbal Peppermint Sparkling Water](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/22881-herbal-peppermint-sparkling-water) | s20 | 15% Mspd, 7% Crit Rate | Crit, Def |
| [Forgotten Age Fantasy Whiskey](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35030-forgotten-age-fantasy-whiskey) | s25 | 15% Triple Strike | Dmg, Eva |
| [Fantasy Glass Iced Tea](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35026-fantasy-glass-iced-tea) | s25 | 7% P-Healing, -5% Damage Taken | Spd, Def |
| [Artisan Glow Jelly](https://www.aurakingdom-db.com/item/35038-artisan-glow-jelly) | s25 | 10% Acc, 7% Crit Rate | HP, Crit |
